"You see," remarked Holmes, as we paced to and fro in front of the house, "this marriage rather simplifies matters.
The pho- tograph becomes a double-edged weapon now.
The chances are that she would be as averse to its being seen by Mr. Godfrey Norton, as our client is to its coming to the eyes of his princess.
Now the question is, Where are we to find the photograph?"
"Where, indeed?"
"It is most unlikely that she carries it about with her.
It is cabinet size.
Too large for easy concealment about a woman's dress.
She knows that the King is capable of having her waylaid and searched.
Two attempts of the sort have already been made.
We may take it, then, that she does not carry it about with her."
"Where, then?"
"Her banker or her lawyer.
There is that double possibility.
But I am inclined to think neither.
Women are naturally secre- tive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Why should she hand it over to anyone else?
She could trust her own guardian- ship, but she could not tell what indirect or political influence might be brought to bear upon a business man.
Besides, remem- ber that she had resolved to use it within a few days.
It must be where she can lay her hands upon it.
It must be in her own house."
"But it has twice been burgled."
"Pshaw!
They did not know how to look."
"But how will you look?"
"I will not look."
"What then?"
"I will get her to show me."
"But she will refuse."
"She will not be able to.
But I hear the rumble of wheels.
It is hcr carriage.
Now carry out my orders to the letter."
As he spoke the gleam of the side-lights of a carriage came round the curve of the avenue.
It was a smart little landau which rattled up to the door of Briony Lodge.
As it pulled up, one of the loafing men at the corner dashed forward to open the door in the hope of earning a copper, but was elbowed away by another loafer, who had rushed up with the same intention.
A fierce quarrel broke out, which was increased by the two guardsmen, who took sides with one of the loungers, and by the scissors- grinder, who was equally hot upon the other side.
A blow was struck, and in an instant the lady, who had stepped from her carriage, was the centre of a little knot of flushed and struggling men, who struck savagely at each other with their fists and sticks.
Holmes dashed into the crowd to protect the lady; but just as he reached her he gave a cry and dropped to the ground, with the blood running freely down his face.
At his fall the guardsmen took to their heels in one direction and the loungers in the other, while a number of better-dressed people, who had watched the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to help the lady and to attend to the injured man.
