said she.
"I am Mr. Holmes," answered my companion, looking at her with a questioning and rather startled gaze.
"Indeed!
My mistress told me that you were likely to call.
She left this morning with her husband by the 5:15 train from Char- ing Cross for the Continent."
"What!"
Sherlock Holmes staggered back, white with chagrin and surprise.
"Do you mean that she has left England?"
"Never to return."
"And the papers?"
asked the King hoarsely.
"All is lost."
"We shall see."
He pushed past the servant and rushed into the drawing-room, followed by the King and myself.
The furni- ture was scattered about in every direction, with dismantled shelves and open drawers, as if the lady had hurriedly ransacked them before her flight.
Holmes rushed at the bell-pull, tore back a small sliding shutter, and, plunging in his hand, pulled out a photograph and a letter.
The photograph was of Irene Adler herself in evening dress, the letter was superscribed to "Sherlock Holmes, Esq.
To be left till called for."
My friend tore it open and we all three read it together.
It was dated at midnight of the preceding night and ran in this way:       MY DEAR MR.
SHERLOCK HOLMES:        You really did it very well.
You took me in completely.
Until after the alarm of fire, I had not a suspicion.
But then,      when I found how I had betrayed myself, I began to think.
I      had been warned against you months ago.
I had been told      that if the King employed an agent it would certainly be      you.
And your address had been given me.
Yet, with all      this, you made me reveal what you wanted to know.
Even      after I became suspicious, I found it hard to think evil of      such a dear, kind old clergyman.
But, you know, I have      been trained as an actress myself.
Male costume is nothing      new to me.
I often take advantage of the freedom which it      gives.
I sent John, the coachman, to watch you, ran up-      stairs, got into my walking-clothes, as I call them, and      came down just as you departed.
Well, I followed you to your door, and so made sure that      I was really an object of interest to the celebrated Mr.      Sherlock Holmes.
Then I, rather imprudently, wished you      good-night, and started for the Temple to see my husband.
We both thought the best resource was flight, when      pursued by so formidable an antagonist; so you will find the      nest empty when you call to-morrow.
As to the photograph,      your client may rest in peace.
I love and am loved by a      better man than he.
The King may do what he will without      hindrance from one whom he has cruelly wronged.
I keep it      only to safeguard myself, and to preserve a weapon which      will always secure me from any steps which he might take      in the future.
