"I do not wish to make a mystery," said he, laughing.
"The matter was perfectly simple.
You, of course, saw that everyone in the street was an accomplice.
They were all engaged for the evening."
"I guessed as much."
"Then, when the row broke out, I had a little moist red paint in the palm of my hand.
I rushed forward, fell down. clapped my hand to my face, and became a piteous spectacle.
It is an old trick."
"That also I could fathom."
"Then they carried me in.
She was bound to have me in.
What else could she do?
And into her sitting-room. which was the very room which I suspected.
It lay between that and her bedroom, and I was determined to see which.
They laid me on a couch, I motioned for air, they were compelled to open the window. and you had your chance."
"How did that help you?"
"It was all-important.
When a woman thinks that her house is on fire, her instinct is at once to rush to the thing which she values most.
It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once taken advantage of it.
In the case of the Darling- ton substitution scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Castle business.
A married woman grabs at her baby; an unmarried one reaches for her jewel-box.
Now it was clear to me that our lady of to-day had nothing in the house more precious to her than what we are in quest of.
She would rush to secure it.
The alarm of fire was admirably done.
The smoke and shouting were enough to shake nerves of steel.
She responded beautifully.
The photograph is in a recess behind a sliding panel just above the right bell-pull.
She was there in an instant, and I caught a glimpse of it as she half-drew it out.
When I cried out that it was a false alarm, she replaced it, glanced at the rocket, rushed from the room, and I have not seen her since.
I rose, and, making my excuses, escaped from the house.
I hesitated whether to attempt to secure the photograph at once; but the coachman had come in, and as he was watching me narrowly it seemed safer to wait.
A little over-precipitance may ruin all."
"And now?"
I asked.
"Our quest is practically finished.
I shall call with the King to-morrow, and with you, if you care to come with us.
We will be shown into the sitting-room to wait for the lady; but it is probable that when she comes she may find neither us nor the photograph.
It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain it with his own hands."
"And when will you call?"
"At eight in the morning.
