You have worked with it, and the muscles are more developed."
"Well, the snuff, then, and the Freemasonry?"
"I won't insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that, especially as, rather against the strict rules of your order, you use an arc-and-compass breastpin."
"Ah, of course, I forgot that.
But the writing?"
"What else can be indicated by that right cuff so very shiny for five inches, and the left one with the smooth patch near the elbow where you rest it upon the desk?"
"Well, but China?"
"The fish that you have tattooed immediately above your right wrist could only have been done in China.
I have made a small study of tattoo marks and have even contributed to the literature of the subject.
That trick of staining the fishes' scales of a delicate pink is quite peculiar to China.
When, in addition, I see a Chinese coin hanging from your watch-chain, the matter be- comes even more simple."
Mr. Jabez Wilson laughed heavily.
"Well, I never!"
said he.
"I thought at first that you had done something clever, but I see that there was nothing in it, after all."
"I begin to think, Watson," said Holmes, "that I make a mistake in explaining.
'Omne ignotum pro magnifico,' you know, and my poor little reputation, such as it is, will suffer shipwreck if I am so candid.
Can you not find the advertisement, Mr. Wilson?"
"Yes, I have got it now," he answered with his thick red finger planted halfway down the column.
"Here it is.
This is what began it all.
You just read it for yourself, sir."
I took the paper from him and read as follows.
TO THE RED-HEADED LEAGUE:        On account of the bequest of the late Ezekiah Hopkins, of      Lebanon, Pennsylvania, U.
S.
A., there is now another      vacancy open which entitles a member of the League to a      salary of 4 pounds a week for purely nominal services.
All red-      headed men who are sound in body and mind and above      the age of twenty-one years, are eligible.
Appiy in person      on Monday, at eleven o'clock, to Duncan Ross, at the      offices of the League, 7 Pope's Coun, Fleet Street.
"What on earth does this mean?"
I ejaculated after I had twice read over the extraordinary announcement.
Holmes chuckled and wriggled in his chair, as was his habit when in high spirits.
"It is a little off the beaten track, isn't it?"
said he.
"And now, Mr. Wilson, off you go at scratch and tell us all about yourself, your household, and the effect which this advertisement had upon your fortunes.
You will first make a note, Doctor, of the paper and the date."
"It is The Morning Chronicle of April 27, 1890.
Just two months ago."
"Very good.
Now, Mr. Wilson?"
"Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said Jabez Wilson, mopping his forehead; "I have a small pawnbroker's business at Coburg Square, near the City.
