"I was staggered, sir.
I did not know what to do.
Then I called at the offices round, but none of them seemed to know anything about it.
Finally, I went to the landlord, who is an accountant living on the ground-floor, and I asked him if he could tell me what had become of the Red-headed League.
He said that he had never heard of any such body.
Then I asked him who Mr. Duncan Ross was.
He answered that the name was new to him.
" 'Well,' said I, 'the gentleman at No.
4.'
" 'What, the red-headed man?'
" 'Yes.'
" 'Oh,' said he, 'his name was William Morris.
He was a solicitor and was using my room as a temporary convenience until his new premises were ready.
He moved out yesterday.'
" 'Where could I find him?'
" 'Oh, at his new offices.
He did tell me the address.
Yes, 17 King Edward Street, near St. Paul's.'
"I started off, Mr. Holmes, but when I got to that address it was a manufactory of artificial knee-caps, and no one in it had ever heard of either Mr. William Morris or Mr. Duncan Ross."
"And what did you do then?"
asked Holmes.
"I went home to Saxe-Coburg Square, and I took the advice of my assistant.
But he could not help me in any way.
He could only say that if I waited I should hear by post.
But that was not quite good enough, Mr. Holmes.
I did not wish to lose such a place without a struggle, so, as I had heard that you were good enough to give advice to poor folk who were in need of it, I came right away to you."
"And you did very wisely," said Holmes.
"Your case is an exceedingly remarkable one, and I shall be happy to look into it.
From what you have told me I think that it is possible that graver issues hang from it than might at first sight appear."
"Grave enough!"
said Mr. Jabez Wilson.
"Why, I have lost four pound a week."
"As far as you are personally concerned," remarked Holmes, "I do not see that you have any grievance against this extraordi- nary league.
On the contrary, you are, as I understand, richer by some 30 pounds, to say nothing of the minute knowledge which you have gained on every subject which comes under the letter A.
You have lost nothing by them."
"No, sir.
But I want to find out about them, and who they are, and what their object was in playing this prank -- if it was a prank -- upon me.
It was a pretty expensive joke for them, for it cost them two and thirty pounds."
"We shall endeavour to clear up these points for you.
And, first, one or two questions, Mr. Wilson.
