It's not a very large affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a living.
I used to be able to keep two assistants, but now I only keep one; and I would have a job to pay him but that he is willing to come for half wages so as to learn the business."
"What is the name of this obliging youth?"
asked Sherlock Holmes.
"His name is Vincent Spaulding, and he's not such a youth, either.
It's hard to say his age.
I should not wish a smarter assistant, Mr. Holmes; and I know very well that he could better himself and earn twice what I am able to give him.
But, after all, if he is satisfied, why should I put ideas in his head?"
"Why, indeed?
You seem most fortunate in having an em- ployee who comes under the full market price.
It is not a common experience among employers in this age.
I don't know that your assistant is not as remarkable as your advertisement."
"Oh, he has his faults, too," said Mr. Wilson.
"Never was such a fellow for photography.
Snapping away with a camera when he ought to be improving his mind, and then diving down into the cellar like a rabbit into its hole to develop his pictures.
That is his main fault, but on the whole he's a good worker.
There's no vice in him."
"He is still with you, I presume?"
"Yes, sir.
He and a girl of fourteen, who does a bit of simple cooking and keeps the place clean -- that's all I have in the house, for I am a widower and never had any family.
We live very quietly, sir, the three of us; and we keep a roof over our heads and pay our debts, if we do nothing more.
"The first thing that put us out was that advertisement.
Spaulding, he came down into the office just this day eight weeks, with this very paper in his hand, and he says:   " 'I wish to the Lord, Mr. Wilson, that I was a red-headed man.'
" 'Why that?'
I asks.
" 'Why,' says he, 'here's another vacancy on the League of the Red-headed Men.
It's worth quite a little fortune to any man who gets it, and I understand that there are more vacancies than there are men, so that the trustees are at their wits' end what to do with the money.
If my hair would only change colour, here's a nice little crib all ready for me to step into.'
" 'Why, what is it, then?'
I asked.
You see.
Mr. Holmes, I am a very stay-at-home man, and as my business came to me instead of my having to go to it, I was often weeks on end without putting my foot over the door-mat.
In that way I didn't know much of what was going on outside, and I was always glad of a bit of news.
" 'Have you never heard of the League of the Red-headed Men?'
he asked with his eyes open.
" 'Never.'
" 'Why, [ wonder at that, for you are eligibile yourself for one of the vacancies.'
" 'And what are they worth?'
I asked.
" 'Oh, merely a couple of hundred a year, but the work is slight, and it need not interfere very much with one's other occupations.'
