" 'And the work?'
" 'Is to copy out the Encyclopedia Britannica.
There is the first volume of it in that press.
You must find your own ink. pens, and blotting-paper, but we provide this table and chair.
Will you be ready to-morrow?'
" 'Certainly,' I answered.
" 'Then, good-bye, Mr. Jabez Wilson, and let me congratu- late you once more on the important position which you have been fortunate enough to gain.'
He bowed me out of the room and I went home with my assistant, hardly knowing what to say or do, I was so pleased at my own good fortune.
"Well, I thought over the matter all day, and by evening I was in low spirits again; for I had quite persuaded myself that the whole affair must be some great hoax or fraud, though what its object might be I could not imagine.
It seemed altogether past belief that anyone could make such a will, or that they would pay such a sum for doing anything so simple as copying out the Encyclopedia Britannica.
Vincent Spaulding did what he could to cheer me up, but by bedtime I had reasoned myself out of the whole thing.
However, in the morning I determined to have a look at it anyhow, so I bought a penny bottle of ink, and with a quill-pen, and seven sheets of foolscap paper, I started off for Pope's Court.
"Well, to my surprise and delight, everything was as right as possible.
The table was set out ready for me, and Mr. Duncan Ross was there to see that I got fairly to work.
He started me off upon the letter A, and then he left me; but he would drop in from time to time to see that all was right with me.
At two o'clock he bade me good-day, complimented me upon the amount that I had written, and locked the door of the office after me.
"This went on day after day, Mr. Holmes, and on Saturday the manager came in and planked down four golden sovereigns for my week's work.
It was the same next week, and the same the week after.
Every morning I was there at ten, and every afternoon I left at two.
By degrees Mr. Duncan Ross took to coming in only once of a morning, and then, after a time, he did not come in at all.
Still, of course, I never dared to leave the room for an instant, for I was not sure when he might come, and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, that I would not risk the loss of it.
"Eight weeks passed away like this, and I had written about Abbots and Archery and Armour and Architecture and Attica, and hoped with diligence that I might get on to the B's before very long.
It cost me something in foolscap, and I had pretty nearly filled a shelf with my writings.
And then suddenly the whole business came to an end."
"To an end?"
"Yes, sir.
And no later than this morning.
I went to my work as usual at ten o'clock, but the door was shut and locked, with a little square of card-board hammered on to the middle of the panel with a tack.
Here it is, and you can read for yourself."
He held up a piece of white card-board about the size of a sheet of note-paper.
It read in this fashion:                      THE RED-HEADED LEAGUE                              IS                           DISSOLVED.
October 9, 1890.
Sherlock Holmes and I surveyed this curt announcement and the rueful face behind it, until the comical side of the affair so completely overtopped every other consideration that we both burst out into a roar of laughter.
"I cannot see that there is anything very funny," cried our client, flushing up to the roots of his flaming head.
"If you can do nothing better than laugh at me, I can go elsewhere."
"No, no," cried Holmes, shoving him back into the chair from which he had half risen.
"I really wouldn't miss your case for the world.
It is most refreshingly unusual.
But there is, if you will excuse my saying so, something just a little funny about it.
Pray what steps did you take when you found the card upon the door?"
