'I perceive that all is as it should be.
But we have to be careful, for we have twice been deceived by wigs and once by paint.
I could tell you tales of cobbler's wax which would disgust you with human nature.'
He stepped over to the window and shouted through it at the top of his voice that the vacancy was filled.
A groan of disappointment came up from below, and the folk all trooped away in different directions until there was not a red-head to be seen except my own and that of the manager.
" 'My name,' said he, 'is Mr. Duncan Ross, and I am myself one of the pensioners upon the fund left by our noble benefactor.
Are you a married man, Mr. Wilson?
Have you a family?'
"I answered that I had not.
"His face fell immediately.
" 'Dear me!'
he said gravely, 'that is very serious indeed!
I am sorry to hear you say that.
The fund was, of course, for the propagation and spread of the red-heads as well as for their maintenance.
It is exceedingly unfortunate that you should be a bachelor.'
"My face lengthened at this, Mr. Holmes, for I thought that I was not to have the vacancy after all; but after thinking it over for a few minutes he said that it would be all right.
" 'In the case of another,' said he, 'the objection might be fatal, but we must stretch a point in favour of a man with such a head of hair as yours.
When shall you be able to enter upon your new duties?'
" 'Well, it is a little awkward, for I have a business already,' said I.
" 'Oh, never mind about that, Mr. Wilson!'
said Vincent Spaulding.
'I should be able to look after that for you.'
" 'What would be the hours?'
I asked.
" 'Ten to two.'
"Now a pawnbroker's business is mostly done of an evening, Mr. Holmes, especially Thursday and Friday evening, which is just before pay-day; so it would suit me very well to earn a little in the mornings.
Besides, I knew that my assistant was a good man, and that he would see to anything that turned up.
" 'That would suit me very well,' said I.
'And the pay?'
" 'Is 4 pounds a week.'
" 'And the work?'
" 'Is purely nominal.'
" 'What do you call purely nominal?'
" 'Well, you have to be in the office, or at least in the building, the whole time.
If you leave, you forfeit your whole position forever.
The will is very clear upon that point.
You don't comply with the conditions if you budge from the office during that time.'
" 'It's only four hours a day, and I should not think of leaving,' said I.
" 'No excuse will avail,' said Mr. Duncan Ross; 'neither sickness nor business nor anything else.
There you must stay, or you lose your billet.'
