On my way I saw     William Crowder, the game-keeper, as he had stated in his     evidence; but he is mistaken in thinking that I was following     my father.
I had no idea that he was in front of me.
When     about a hundred yards from the pool I heard a cry of     'Cooee!'
which was a usual signal between my father and     myself.
I then hurried forward, and found him standing by     the pool.
He appeared to be much surprised at seeing me     and asked me rather roughly what I was doing there.
A     conversation ensued which led to high words and almost to     blows, for my father was a man of a very violent temper.
Seeing that his passion was becoming ungovernable, I left     him and returned towards Hatherley Farm.
I had not gone     more than 150 yards, however, when I heard a hideous     outcry behind me, which caused me to run back again.
I found my father expiring upon the ground, with his head     terribly injured.
I dropped my gun and held him in my     arms, but he almost instantly expired.
I knelt beside him for     some minutes, and then made my way to Mr. Turner's     lodge-keeper, his house being the nearest, to ask for assis-     tance.
I saw no one near my father when I returned, and I     have no idea how he came by his injuries.
He was not a     popular man, being somewhat cold and forbidding in his     manners, but he had, as far as I know, no active enemies.
I     know nothing further of the matter."
The Coroner: Did your father make any statement to you before he died?
Witness: He mumbled a few words, but I could only catch some allusion to a rat.
The Coroner: What did you understand by that?
Witness: It conveyed no meaning to me.
I thought that he was delirious.
The Coroner: What was the point upon which you and your father had this final quarrel?
Witness: I should prefer not to answer.
The Coroner: I am afraid that I must press it.
Witness: It is really impossible for me to tell you.
I can assure you that it has nothing to do with the sad tragedy which followed.
The Coroner: That is for the court to decide.
I need not point out to you that your refusal to answer will prejudice your case considerably in any future proceedings which may arise.
Witness: I must still refuse.
The Coroner: I understand that the cry of "Cooee" was a common signal between you and your father?
Witnesls: It was.
The Coroner: How was it, then, that he uttered it before he saw you, and before he even knew that you had returned from Bristol?
Witness (with considerable confusion): I do not know.
A Juryman: Did you see nothing which aroused your suspiclons when you returned on hearing the cry and found your father fatally injured?
Witness: Nothing definite.
The Coroner: What do you mean?
Witness: I was so disturbed and excited as I rushed out into the open, that I could think of nothing except of my father.
Yet I have a vague impression that as I ran forward something lay upon the ground to the left of me.
It seemed to me to be something gray in colour, a coat of some sort, or a plaid perhaps.
When I rose from my father I looked round for it, but it was gone.
"Do you mean that it disappeared before you went for help?"
