"Yes, it was gone."
"You cannot say what it was?"
"No, I had a feeling something was there."
"How far from the body?"
"A dozen yards or so."
"And how far from the edge of the wood?"
"About the same."
"Then if it was removed it was while you were within a dozen yards of it?"
"Yes, but with my back towards it."
This concluded the examination of the witness.
"I see," said I as I glanced down the column, "that the coroner in his concluding remarks was rather severe upon young McCarthy.
He calls attention, and with reason, to the discrep- ancy about his father having signalled to him before seeing him also to his refusal to give details of his conversation with his father, and his singular account of his father's dying words.
They are all, as he remarks, very much against the son."
Holmes laughed softly to himself and stretched himself out upon the cushioned seat.
"Both you and the coroner have been at some pains," said he, "to single out the very strongest points in the young man's favour.
Don't you see that you alternately give him credit for having too much imaginition and too little?
Too little, if he could not invent a cause of quarrel which would give him the sympathy of the jury; too much, if he evolved from his own inner consciousness anything so outre as a dying refer- ence to a rat, and the incident of the vanishing cloth.
No, sir, I shall approach this case from the point of view that what this young man says is true, and we shall see whither that hypothesis will lead us.
And now here is my pocket Petrarch, and not another word shall I say of this case until we are on the scene of action.
We lunch at Swindon, and I see that we shall be there in twenty minutes."
It was nearly four o'clock when we at last, after passing through the beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found ourselves at the pretty little country-town of Ross.
A lean, ferret-like man, furtive and sly-looking, was waiting for us upon the platform.
In spite of the light brown dustcoat and leather-leggings which he wore in deference to his rustic sur- roundings, I had no difficulty in recognizing Lestrade, of Scot- land Yard.
With him we drove to the Hereford Arms where a room had already been engaged for us.
"I have ordered a carriage," said Lestrade as we sat over a cup of tea.
"I knew your energetic nature, and that you would not be happy until you had been on the scene of the crime."
"It was very nice and complimentary of you," Holmes an- swered.
"It is entirely a question of barometric pressure."
Lestrade looked startled.
"I do not quite follow," he said.
"How is the glass?
Twenty-nine, I see.
No wind, and not a cloud in the sky.
I have a caseful of cigarettes here which need smoking, and the sofa is very much superior to the usual country hotel abomination.
I do not think that it is probable that I shall use the carriage to-night."
Lestrade laughed indulgently.
"Yau have, no doubt, already formed your conclusions from the newspapers," he said.
"The case is as plain as a pikestaff, and the more one goes into it the plainer it becomes.
Still, of course, one can't refuse a lady, and such a very positive one, too.
She hai heard of you, and would have your opinion, though I repeatedly told her that there was nothing which you could do which I had not already done.
