H. for J.
0."
Then he sealed it and addressed it to "Captain James Calhoun, Bark Lone Star, Savannah, Georgia."
"That will await him when he enters port," said he, chuck- ling.
"It may give him a sleepless night.
He will find it as sure a precursor of his fate as Openshaw did before him."
"And who is this Captain Calhoun?"
"The leader of the gang.
I shall have the others, but he first."
"How did you trace it, then?"
He took a large sheet of paper from his pocket, all covered with dates and names.
"I have spent the whole day," said he, "over Lloyd's regis- ters and files of the old papers, following the future career of every vessel which touched at Pondicherry in January and Febru- ary in '83.
There were thirty-six ships of fair tonnage which were reported there during those months.
Of these, one, the Lone Star, instantly attracted my attention, since, although it was reported as having cleared from London, the name is that which is given to one of the states of the Union."
"Texas, I think."
"I was not and am not sure which; but I knew that the ship must have an American origin."
"What then?"
"I searched the Dundee records, and when I found that the bark Lone Star was there in January, '85, my suspicion became a certainty.
I then inquired as to the vessels which lay at present in the port of London."
"Yes?"
"The Lone Star had arrived here last week.
I went down to the Albert Dock and found that she had been taken down the river by the early tide this morning, homeward bound to Savan- nah.
I wired to Gravesend and learned that she had passed some time ago, and as the wind is easterly I have no doubt that she is now past the Goodwins and not very far from the Isle of Wight."
"What will you do, then?"
"Oh, I have my hand upon him.
He and the two mates, are as I learn, the only native-born Americans in the ship.
The others are Finns and Germans.
I know, also, that they were all three away from the ship last night.
I had it from the stevedore who has been loading their cargo.
By the time that their sailing-ship reaches Savannah the mail-boat will have carried this letter, and the cable will have informed the police of Savannah that these three gentlemen are badly wanted here upon a charge of murder."
There is ever a flaw, however, in the best laid of human plans, and the murderers of John Openshaw were never to receive the orange pips which would show them that another, as cunning and as resolute as themselves, was upon their track.
Very long and very severe were the equinoctial gales that year.
We waited long for news of the Lone Star of Savannah, but none ever reached us.
We did at last hear that somewhere far out in the Atlantic a shattered stern-post of the boat was seen swinging in the trough of a wave, with the letters "L.
S." carved upon it, and that is all which we shall ever know of the fate of the Lone Star.
