I have felt like one of those poor rabbits when the snake is writhing towards it.
I seem to be in the grasp of some resistless, inexorable evil, which no foresight and no precautions can guard against."
"Tut!
tut!"
cried Sherlock Holmes.
"You must act, man, or you are lost.
Nothing but energy can save you.
This is no time for despair."
"I have seen the police."
"Ah!"
"But they listened to my story with a smile.
I am convinced that the inspector has formed the opinion that the letters are all practical jokes, and that the deaths of my relations were really accidents, as the jury stated, and were not to be connected with the warnings."
Holmes shook his clenched hands in the air.
"Incredible imbecility!"
he cried.
"They have, however, allowed me a policeman, who may re- main in the house with me."
"Has he come with you to-night?"
"No.
His orders were to stay in the house."
Again Holmes raved in the air.
"Why did you come to me," he cried, "and, above all, why did you not come at once?"
"I did not know.
It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast about my troubles and was advised by him to come to you."
"It is really two days since you had the letter.
We should have acted before this.
You have no further evidence, I suppose, than that which you have placed before us -- no suggestive detail which might help us?"
"There is one thing," said John Openshaw.
He rummaged in his coat pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue- tinted paper, he laid it out upon the table.
"I have some remem- brance," said he, "that on the day when my uncle burned the papers I observed that the small, unburned margins which lay amid the ashes were of this particular colour.
I found this single sheet upon the floor of his room, and I am inclined to think that it may be one of the papers which has, perhaps, fluttered out from among the others, and in that way has escaped destruction.
Beyond the mention of pips, I do not see that it helps us much.
I think myself that it is a page from some private diary.
The writing is undoubtedly my uncle's."
Holmes moved the lamp, and we both bent over the sheet of paper, which showed by its ragged edge that it had indeed been torn from a book.
It was headed, "March, 1869," and beneath were the following enigmatical notices:       4th.
Hudson came.
Same old platform.       7th.
Set the pips on McCauley, Paramore, and John Swain,           of St. Augustine.      9th.
McCauley cleared.
1Oth.
