It seems absurdly simple, and yet, somehow I can get nothing to go upon.
There's plenty of thread, no doubt, but I can't get the end of it into my hand.
Now, I'll state the case clearly and concisely to you, Watson, and maybe you can see a spark where all is dark to me."
"Proceed, then."
"Some years ago -- to be definite, in May, 1884 -- there came to Lee a gentleman, Neville St. Clair by name, who appeared to have plenty of money.
He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely, and lived generally in good style.
By degrees he made friends in the neighbourhood, and in 1887 he married the daughter of a local brewer, by whom he now has two children.
He had no occupation, but was interested in several companies and went into town as a rule in the morning, returning by the 5:14 from Cannon Street every night.
Mr. St. Clair is now thirty-seven years of age, is a man of temperate habits, a good husband, a very affectionate father, and a man who is popular with all who know him.
I may add that his whole debts at the present moment, as far as we have been able to ascertain amount to 88 pounds lOs., while he has 220 pounds standing to his credit in the Capital and Counties Bank.
There is no reason, therefore, to think that money troubles have been weighing upon his mind.
"Last Monday Mr. Neville St. Clair went into town rather earlier than usual, remarking before he started that he had two important commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy home a box of bricks.
Now, by the merest chance, his wife received a telegram upon this same Monday, very shortly after his departure, to the effect that a small parcel of consider- able value which she had been expecting was waiting for her at the offices of the Aberdeen Shipping Company.
Now, if you are well up in your London, you will know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me to-night.
Mrs. St. Clair had her lunch, started for the City, did some shopping, pro- ceeded to the company's office, got her packet, and found herself at exactly 4:35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the station.
Have you followed me so far?"
"It is very clear."   "lf you remember, Monday was an exceedingly hot day, and Mrs. St. Clair walked slowly, glancing about in the hope of seeing a cab, as she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself.
While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an ejaculation or cry, and was struck cold to see her husband looking down at her and, as it seemed to her, beckoning to her from a second-floor window.
The window was open, and she distinctly saw his face, which she describes as being terribly agitated.
He waved his hands frantically to her, and then vanished from the window so suddenly that it seemed to her that he had been plucked back by some irresistible force from behind.
One singular point which struck her quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie.
"Convinced that something was amiss with him, she rushed down the steps -- for the house was none other than the opium den in which you found me to-night -- and running through the front room she attempted to ascend the stairs which led to the first floor.
At the foot of the stairs, however, she met this lascar scoundrel of whom I have spoken, who thrust her back and, aided by a Dane, who acts as assistant there, pushed her out into the street.
Filled with the most maddening doubts and fears, she rushed down the lane and, by rare good-fortune, met in Fresno Street a number of constables with an inspector, all on their way to their beat.
The inspector and two men accompanied her back, and in spite of the continued resistance of the proprietor, they made their way to the room in which Mr. St. Clair had last been seen.
There was no sign of him there.
In fact, in the whole of that floor there was no one to be found save a crippled wretch of hideous aspect, who, it seems, made his home there.
Both he and the lascar stoutly swore that no one else had been in the front room during the afternoon.
So determined was their denial that the inspector was staggered, and had almost come to believe that Mrs. St. Clair had been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a small deal box which lay upon the table and tore the lid from it.
Out there fell a cascade of children's bricks.
It was the toy which he had promised to bring home.
"This discovery, and the evident confusion which the cripple showed, made the inspector realize that the matter was serious.
The rooms were carefully examined, and results all pointed to an abominable crime.
The front room was plainly furnished as a sitting-room and led into a small bedroom, which looked out upon the back of one of the wharves.
Between the wharf and the bedroom window is a narrow strip, which is dry at low tide but is covered at high tide with at least four and a half feet of water.
The bedroom window was a broad one and opened from below.
On examination traces of blood were to be seen upon the window- sill, and several scattered drops were visible upon the wooden floor of the bedroom.
Thrust away behind a curtain in the front room were all the clothes of Mr. Neville St. Clair, with the exception of his coat.
His boots, his socks, his hat, and his watch -- all were there.
There were no signs of violence upon any of these garments, and there were no other traces of Mr. Neville St. Clair.
