You see, Watson, our little deductions have suddenly assumed a much more important and less innocent aspect.
Here is the stone; the stone came from the goose, and the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker, the gentleman with the bad hat and all the other characteristics with which I have bored you.
So now we must set ourselves very seriously to finding this gentleman and ascertain- ing what part he has played in this little mystery.
To do this, we must try the simplest means first, and these lie undoubtedly in an advertisement in all the evening papers.
If this fail, I shall have recourse to other methods."
"What will you say?"
"Give me a pencil and that slip of paper.
Now, then:          "Found at the corner of Goodge Street, a goose and a       black felt hat.
Mr. Henry Baker can have the same by       applying at 6:30 this evening at 221B, Baker Street.
That is clear and concise."
"Very.
But will he see it?"
"Well, he is sure to keep an eye on the papers, since, to a poor man, the loss was a heavy one.
He was clearly so scared by his mischance in breaking the window and by the approach of Peterson that he thought of nothing but flight, but since then he must have bitterly regretted the impulse which caused him to drop his bird.
Then, again, the introduction of his name will cause him to see it, for everyone who knows him will direct his attention to it.
Here you are, Peterson, run down to the advertis- ing agency and have this put in the evening papers."
"In which, sir?"
"Oh, in the Clobe, Star, Pall Mall, St. James's, Evening News Standard, Echo, and any others that occur to you."
"Very well, sir.
And this stone?"
"Ah, yes, I shall keep the stone.
Thank you.
And, I say, Peterson, just buy a goose on your way back and leave it here with me, for we must have one to give to this gentleman in place of the one which your family is now devouring."
When the commissionaire had gone, Holmes took up the stone and held it against the light.
"It's a bonny thing," said he.
"Just see how it glints and sparkles.
Of course it is a nucleus and focus of crime.
Every good stone is.
They are the devil's pet baits.
In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed.
This stone is not yet twenty years old.
It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southem China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red.
In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister history.
There have been two murders, a vitriol-throwing, a suicide, and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty-grain weight of crystallized charcoal.
Who would think that so pretty a toy would be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison?
I'll lock it up in my strong box now and drop a line to the Countess to say that we have it."
"Do you think that this man Horner is innocent?"
"I cannot tell."
"Well, then, do you imagine that this other one, Henry Baker, had anything to do with the matter?"
"It is, I think, much more likely that Henry Baker is an absolutely innocent man, who had no idea that the bird which he was carrying was of considerably more value than if it were made of solid gold.
