"Well then," said he, "my real name is James Ryder."
"Precisely so.
Head attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan.
Pray step into the cab, and I shall soon be able to tell you everything which you would wish to know."
The little man stood glancing from one to the other of us with half-frightened, half-hopeful eyes, as one who is not sure whether he is on the verge of a windfall or of a catastrophe.
Then he stepped into the cab, and in half an hour we were back in the sitting-room at Baker Street.
Nothing had been said during our drive, but the high, thin breathing of our new companion, and the claspings and unclaspings of his hands, spoke of the nervous tension within him.
"Here we are!"
said Holmes cheerily as we filed into the room.
"The fire looks very seasonabe in this weather.
You look cold, Mr. Ryder.
Pray take the basket-chair.
I will just put on my slippers before we settle this little matter of yours.
Now, then!
You want to know what became of those geese?"
"Yes, sir."
"Or rather, I fancy, of that goose.
It was one bird, I imagine in which you were interested -- white, with a black bar across the tail."
Ryder quivered with emotion.
"Oh, sir," he cried, "can you tell me where it went to?"
"It came here."
"Here?"
"Yes, and a most remarkable bird it proved.
I don't wonder that you should take an interest in it.
It laid an egg after it was dead -- the bonniest, brightest little blue egg that ever was seen.
I have it here in my museum."
Our visitor staggered to his feet and clutched the mantelpiece with his right hand.
Holmes unlocked his strong-box and held up the blue carbuncle, which shone out like a star, with a cold brilliant, many-pointed radiance.
Ryder stood glaring with a drawn face, uncertain whether to claim or to disown it.
"The game's up, Ryder," said Holmes quietly.
"Hold up, man, or you'll be into the fire!
Give him an arm back into his chair, Watson.
He's not got blood enough to go in for felony with impunity.
Give him a dash of brandy.
So!
Now he looks a little more human.
What a shrimp it is, to be sure!"
For a moment he had staggered and nearly fallen, but the brandy brought a tinge of colour into his cheeks, and he sat staring with frightened eyes at his accuser.
"I have almost every link in my hands, and all the proofs which I could possibly need, so there is little which you need tell me.
Still, that little may as well be cleared up to make the case complete.
