A large face, seared with a thousand wrinkles, burned yellow with the sun, and marked with every evil passion, was turned from one to the other of us, while his deep-set, bile-shot eyes, and his high, thin, fleshless nose, gave him somewhat the resemblance to a fierce old bird of prey.
"Which of you is Holmes?"
asked this apparition.
"My name, sir; but you have the advantage of me," said my companion quietly.
"I am Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran."
"Indeed, Doctor," said Holmes blandly.
"Pray take a seat."
"I will do nothing of the kind.
My stepdaughter has been here.
I have traced her.
What has she been saying to you?"
"It is a little cold for the time of the year," said Holmes.
"What has she been saying to you?"
screamed the old man furiously.
"But I have heard that the crocuses promise well," continued my companion imperturbably.
"Ha!
You put me off, do you?"
said our new visitor, taking a step forward and shaking his hunting-crop.
"I know you, you scoundrel!
I have heard of you before.
You are Holmes, the meddler."
My friend smiled.
"Holmes, the busybody!"
His smile broadened.
"Holmes, the Scotland Yard Jack-in-office!"
Holmes chuckled heartily.
"Your conversation is most enter- taining," said he.
"When you go out close the door, for there is a decided draught."
"I will go when I have said my say.
Don't you dare to meddle with my affairs.
I know that Miss Stoner has been here.
I traced her!
I am a dangerous man to fall foul of!
See here."
He stepped swiftly forward, seized the poker, and bent it into a curve with his huge brown hands.
"See that you keep yourself out of my grip," he snarled, and hurling the twisted poker into the fireplace he strode out of the room.
"He seems a very amiable person," said Holmes, laughing.
"I am not quite so bulky, but if he had remained I might have shown him that my grip was not much more feeble than his own."
As he spoke he picked up the steel poker and, with a sudden effort, straightened it out again.
"Fancy his having the insolence to confound me with the official detective force!
