Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, who had at first been overjoyed to see a Roylott of Stoke Moran back in the old family seat, he shut himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path.
Violence of temper approaching to mania has been hereditary in the men of the family, and in my stepfather's case it had, I believe, been intensified by his long residence in the tropics.
A series of disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police- court, until at last he became the terror of the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger.
"Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it was only by paying over all the money which I could gather together that I was able to avert another public exposure.
He had no friends at all save the wandering gypsies, and he would give these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered land which represent the family estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tents, wandering away with them sometimes for weeks on end.
He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his grounds and are feared by the villagers almost as much as their master.
"You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives.
No servant would stay with us, and for a long time we did all the work of the house.
She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten, even as mine has."
"Your sister is dead, then?"
"She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you.
You can understand that, living the life which I have described, we were little likely to see anyone of our own age and position.
We had, however, an aunt, my mother's maiden sister, Miss Honoria Westphail, who lives near Harrow, and we were occasionally allowed to pay short visits at this lady's house.
Julia went there at Christmas two years ago, and met there a half-pay major of marines, to whom she became engaged.
My stepfather learned of the engagement when my sister returned and offered no objection to the marriage; but wlthin a fortnight of the day which had been fixed for the wedding, the terrible event occurred which has deprived me of my only companion."
Sherlock Holmes had been leaning back in his chair with his eyes closed and his head sunk in a cushion, but he half opened hls lids now and glanced across at his visitor.
"Pray be precise as to details," said he.
"It is easy for me to be so, for every event of that dreadful time is seared into my memory.
The manor-house is, as I have already said, very old, and only one wing is now inhabited.
The bedrooms in this wing are on the ground floor, the sitting-rooms being in the central block of the buildings.
Of these bedrooms the first is Dr. Roylott's, the second my sister's, and the third my own.
There is no communication between them, but they all open out into the same corridor.
Do I make myself plain?"
"Perfectly so."
"The windows of the three rooms open out upon the lawn.
That fatal night Dr. Roylott had gone to his room early, though we knew that he had not retired to rest, for my sister was troubled by the smell of the strong Indian cigars which it was his custom to smoke.
She left her room, therefore, and came into mine, where she sat for some time, chatting about her approaching wedding.
At eleven o'clock she rose to leave me, but she paused at the door and looked back.
" 'Tell me, Helen,' said she, 'have you ever heard anyone whistle in the dead of the night?'
" 'Never,' said I.
" 'I suppose that you could not possibly whistle, yourself, in your sleep?'
" 'Certainly not.
But why?'
" 'Because during the last few nights I have always, about three in the morning, heard a low, clear whistle.
I am a light sleeper, and it has awakened me.
I cannot tell where it came from perhaps from the next room, perhaps from the lawn.
I thought that I would just ask you whether you had heard it.'
" 'No, I have not.
It must be those wretched gypsies in the plantation.'
" 'Very likely.
