" 'Ah!'
said he carelessly, 'we have our own process.
We compress the earth into bricks, so as to remove them without revealing what they are.
But that is a mere detail.
I have taken you fully into my confidence now, Mr. Hatherley, and I have shown you how I trust you.'
He rose as he spoke.
'I shall expect you, then, at Eyford at 11:15.'
" 'I shall certainly be there.'
" 'And not a word to a soul.'
He looked at me with a last long, questioning gaze, and then, pressing my hand in a cold, dank grasp, he hurried from the room.
"Well, when I came to think it all over in cool blood I was very much astonished, as you may both think, at this sudden commission which had been intrusted to me.
On the one hand, of course, I was glad, for the fee was at least tenfold what I should have asked had I set a price upon my own services, and it was possible that this order might lead to other ones.
On the other hand, the face and manner of my patron had made an unpleasant impression upon me, and I could not think that his explanation of the fuller's-earth was sufficient to explain the necessity for my coming at midnight, and his extreme anxiety lest I should tell anyone of my errand.
However, I threw all fears to the winds, ate a hearty supper, drove to Paddington, and started off, having obeyed to the letter the injunction as to holding my tongue.
"At Reading I had to change not only my carriage but my station.
However, I was in time for the last train to Eyford, and I reached the little dim-lit station aher eleven o'clock.
I was the only passenger who got out there, and there was no one upon the platform save a single sleepy porter with a lantern.
As I passed out through the wicket gate, however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other side.
Without a word he grasped my arm and hurried me into a carriage, the door of which was standing open.
He drew up the windows on either side, tapped on the wood-work, and away we went as fast as the horse could go."
"One horse?"
interjected Holmes.
"Yes, only one."
"Did you observe the colour?"
"Yes, I saw it by the side-lights when I was stepping into the carriage.
It was a chestnut."
"Tired-looking or fresh?"
"Oh, fresh and glossy."
"Thank you.
I am sorry to have interrupted you.
Pray con- tinue your most interesting statement."
"Away we went then, and we drove for at least an hour.
Colonel Lysander Stark had said that it was only seven miles, but I should think, from the rate that we seemed to go, and from the time that we took, that it must have been nearer twelve.
He sat at my side in silence all the time, and I was aware, more than once when I glanced in his direction, that he was looking at me with great intensity.
The country roads seem to be not very good in that part of the world, for we lurched and jolted terribly.
I tried to look out of the windows to see something of where we were, but they were made of frosted glass, and I could make out nothing save the occasional bright blur of a passing light.
Now and then I hazarded some remark to break the monotony of the journey, but the colonel answered only in monosyllables, and the conversation soon flagged.
At last, however, the bumping of the road was exchanged for the crisp smoothness of a gravel-drive, and the carriage came to a stand.
Colonel Lysander Stark sprang out, and, as I followed after him, pulled me swiftly into a porch which gaped in front of us.
We stepped, as it were, right out of the carriage and into the hall, so that I failed to catch the most fleeting glance of the front of the house.
