The same porter was on duty, I found, as had been there when I arrived.
I inquired of him whether he had ever heard of Colonel Lysander Stark.
The name was strange to him.
Had he observed a carriage the night before waiting for me?
No, he had not.
Was there a police-station anywhere near?
There was one about three miles off.
"It was too far for me to go, weak and ill as I was.
I determined to wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police.
It was a little past six when I arrived, so I went first to have my wound dressed, and then the doctor was kind enough to bring me along here.
I put the case into your hands and shall do exactly what you advise."
We both sat in silence for some little time after listening to this extraordinary narrative.
Then Sherlock Holmes pulled down from the shelf one of the ponderous commonplace books in which he placed his cuttings.
"Here is an advertisement which will interest you," said he.
"It appeared in all the papers about a year ago.
Listen to this:      "Lost, on the 9th inst., Mr. Jeremiah Hayling, aged   twenty-six, a hydraulic engineer.
Left his lodgings at ten   o'clock at night, and has not been heard of since.
Was   dressed in --  etc., etc. Ha!
That represents the last time that the colonel needed to have his machine overhauled, I fancy."
"Good heavens!"
cried my patient.
"Then that explains what the girl said."
"Undoubtedly.
It is quite clear that the colonel was a cool and desperate man, who was absolutely determined that nothing should stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates who will leave no survivor from a captured ship.
Well, every moment now is precious, so if you feel equal to it we shall go down to Scotland Yard at once as a preliminary to starting for Eyford."
Some three hours or so afterwards we were all in the train together, bound from Reading to the little Berkshire village.
There were Sherlock Holmes, the hydraulic engineer, Inspector Bradstreet, of Scotland Yard, a plain-clothes man, and myself.
Bradstreet had spread an ordnance map of the county out upon the seat and was busy with his compasses drawing a circle with Eyford for its centre.
"There you are," said he.
"That circle is drawn at a radius of ten miles from the village.
The place we want must be some- where near that line.
You said ten miles, I think, sir."
"It was an hour's good drive."
"And you think that they brought you back all that way when you were unconscious?"
"They must have done so.l have a confused memory, too, of having been lifted and conveyed somewhere."
"What I cannot understand," said I, "is why they should have spared you when they found you lying fainting in the garden.
Perhaps the villain was softened by the woman's entreaties."
"I hardly think that likely.
I never saw a more inexorable face in my life."
"Oh, we shall soon clear up all that," said Bradstreet.
