"I bowed, feeling as flattered as any young man would at such an address.
'May I ask who it was who gave me so good a character?'
" 'Well, perhaps it is better that I should not tell you that just at this moment.
I have it from the same source that you are both an orphan and a bachelor and are residing alone in London.'
" 'That is quite correct,' I answered; 'but you will excuse me if I say that I cannot see how all this bears upon my professional qualifications.
I understand that it was on a professional matter that you wished to speak to me?'
" 'Undoubtedly so.
But you will find that all I say is really to the point.
I have a professional commission for you, but absolute secrecy is quite essential -- absolute secrecy, you understand, and of course we may expect that more from a man who is alone than from one who lives in the bosom of his family.'
" 'If I promise to keep a secret,' said I, 'you may absolutely depend upon my doing so.'
"He looked very hard at me as I spoke, and it seemed to me that I had never seen so suspicious and questioning an eye.
" 'Do you promise, then?'
said he at last.
" 'Yes, I promise.'
" 'Absolute and complete silence before, during, and after?
No reference to the matter at all, either in word or writing?'
" 'I have already given you my word.'
" 'Very good.'
He suddenly sprang up, and darting like light- ning across the room he flung open the door.
The passage outside was empty.
" 'That's all right,' said he, coming back.
'I know the clerks are sometimes curious as to their master's affairs.
Now we can talk in safety.'
He drew up his chair very close to mine and began to stare at me again with the same questioning and thought- ful look.
"A feeling of repulsion, and of something akin to fear had begun to rise within me at the strange antics of this fleshless man.
Even my dread of losing a client could not restrain me from showing my impatience.
" 'I beg that you will state your business, sir,' said l; 'my time is of value.'
Heaven forgive me for that last sentence, but the words came to my lips.
" 'How would fifty guineas for a night's work suit you?'
he asked.
" 'Most admirably.'
" 'I say a night's work, but an hour's would be nearer the mark.
I simply want your opinion about a hydraulic stamping machine which has got out of gear.
If you show us what is wrong we shall soon set it right ourselves.
What do you think of such a commission as that?'
" 'The work appears to be light and the pay munificent.'
" 'Precisely so.
We shall want you to come to-night by the last train.'
" 'Where to?'
" 'To Eyford, in Berkshire.
