Then I do not think that I need to detain you longer.
I shall communicate with you."
"Should you be fortunate enough to solve this problem," said our client, rising.
"I have solved it."
"Eh?
What was that?"
"I say that I have solved it."
"Where, then, is my wife?"
"That is a detail which I shall speedily supply."
Lord St. Simon shook his head.
"I am afraid that it will take wiser heads than yours or mine," he remarked, and bowing in a stately, old-fashioned manner he departed.
"It is very good of Lord St. Simon to honour my head by putting it on a level with his own," said Sherlock Holmes, laughing.
"I think that I shall have a whisky and soda and a cigar after all this cross-questioning.
I had formed my conclu- sions as to the case before our client came into the room."
"My dear Holmes!"
"I have notes of several similar cases, though none, as I remarked before, which were quite as prompt.
My whole exami- nation served to turn my conjecture into a certainty.
Circumstan- tial evidence is occasionally very convincing, as when you find a trout in the milk, to quote Thoreau's example."
"But I have heard all that you have heard."
"Without, however, the knowledge of preexisting cases which serves me so well.
There was a parallel instance in Aberdeen some years back, and something on very much the same lines at Munich the year after the Franco-Prussian War.
It is one of these cases -- but, hello, here is Lestrade!
Good-afternoon, Lestrade!
You will find an extra tumbler upon the sideboard,.and there are cigars in the box."
The official detective was attired in a peajacket and cravat, which gave him a decidedly nautical appearance, and he carried a black canvas bag in his hand.
With a short greeting he seated himself and lit the cigar which had been offered to him.
"What's up, then?"
asked Holmes with a twinkle in his eye.
"You look dissatisfied."
"And I feel dissatisfied.
It is this infernal St. Simon marriage case.
I can make neither head nor tail of the business."
"Really!
You surprise me."
"Who ever heard of such a mixed affair?
Every clue seems to slip through my fingers.
I have been at work upon it all day."
"And very wet it seems to have made you," said Holmes laying his hand upon the arm of the peajacket.
"Yes, I have been dragging the Serpentine."
"In heaven's name, what for?"
