Her young woman- hood had, I knew, been spent in rough scenes and under strange conditions.
So far I had got before I ever heard Lord St. Simon's narrative.
When he told us of a man in a pew, of the change in the bride's manner, of so transparent a device for obtaining a note as the dropping of a bouquet, of her resort to her confiden- tial maid, and of her very significant allusion to claimjumping -- which in miners' parlance means taking possession of that which another person has a prior claim to -- the whole situation became absolutely clear.
She had gone off with a man, and the man was either a lover or was a previous husband -- the chances being in favour of the latter."
"And how in the world did you find them?"
"It might have been difficult, but friend Lestrade held infor- mation in his hands the value of which he did not himself know.
The initials were, of course, of the highest importance, but more valuable still was it to know that within a week he had settled his bill at one of the most select London hotels."
"How did you deduce the select?"
"By the select prices.
Eight shillings for a bed and eightpence for a glass of sherry pointed to one of the most expensive hotels.
There are not many in London which charge at that rate.
In the second one which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection of the book that Francis H.
Moulton, an Ameri- can gentleman, had left only the day before, and on looking over the entries against him, I came upon the very items which I had seen in the duplicate bill.
His letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I travelled, and being fortunate enough to find the loving couple at home, l ventured to give them some paternal advice and to point out to them that it would be better in every way that they should make their position a little clearer both to the general public and to Lord St. Simon in particular.
I invited them to meet him here, and, as you see, I made him keep the appointment."
"But with no very good result," I remarked.
"His conduct was certainly not very gracious."
"Ah, Watson," said Holmes, smiling, "perhaps you would not be very gracious either, if, after all the trouble of wooing and wedding, you found yourself deprived in an instant of wife and of fortune.
I think that we may judge Lord St. Simon very mercifully and thank our stars that we are never likely to find ourselves in the same position.
Draw your chair up and hand me my violin, for the only problem we have still to solve is how to while away these bleak autumnal evenings."
