Two days later -- that is, on Wednesday last -- there is a curt announcement that the wedding had taken place, and that the honeymoon would be passed at Lord Backwater's place, near Petersfield.
Those are all the no- tices which appeared before the disappearance of the bride."
"Before the what?"
asked Holmes with a start.
"The vanishing of the lady."
"When did she vanish, then?"
"At the wedding breakfast."
"Indeed.
This is more interesting than it promised to be; quite dramatic, in fact."
"Yes; it struck me as being a little out of the common."
"They often vanish before the ceremony, and occasionally during the honeymoon; but I cannot call to mind anything quite so prompt as this.
Pray let me have the details."
"I warn you that they are very incomplete."
"Perhaps we may make them less so."
"Such as they are, they are set forth in a single article of a morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you.
It is headed, 'Singular Occurrence at a Fashionable Wedding':        "The family of Lord Robert St. Simon has been thrown     into the greatest consternation by the strange and painful     episodes which have taken place in connection with his     wedding.
The ceremony, as shortly announced in the papers     of yesterday, occurred on the previous morning; but it is     only now that it has been possible to confirm the strange     rumours which have been so persistently floating about.
In     spite of the attempts of the friends to hush the matter up, so     much public attention has now been drawn to it that no     good purpose can be served by affecting to disregard what     is a common subject for conversation.
"The ceremony, which was performed at St. George's,     Hanover Square, was a very quiet one, no one being present     save the father of the bride, Mr. Aloysius Doran, the Duch-     ess of Balmoral, Lord Backwater, Lord Eustace, and Lady     Clara St. Simon (the younger brother and sister of the     bridegroom), and Lady Alicia Whittington.
The whole party     proceeded afterwards to the house of Mr. Aloysius Doran,     at Lancaster Gate, where breakfast had been prepared.
It     appears that some little trouble was caused by a woman,     whose name has not been ascertained, who endeavoured to     force her way into the house after the bridal party, alleging     that she had some claim upon Lord St. Simon.
It was only     after a painful and prolonged scene that she was ejected by     the butler and the footman.
The bride, who had fortunately     entered the house before this unpleasant interruption, had     sat down to breakfast with the rest, when she complained of     a sudden indisposition and retired to her room.
Her pro-     longed absence having caused some comment, her father     followed her, but learned from her maid that she had only     come up to her chamber for an instant, caught up an ulster     and bonnet, and hurried down to the passage.
One of the     footmen declared that he had seen a lady leave the house     thus apparelled, but had refused to credit that it was his     mistress, believing her to be with the company.
On ascer-     taining that his daughter had disappeared, Mr. Aloysius     Doran, in conjunction with the bridegroom, instantly put     themselves in communication with the police, and very     energetic inquiries are being made, which will probably     result in a speedy clearing up of this very singular business.
Up to a late hour last night, however, nothing had tran-     spired as to the whereabouts of the missing lady.
There are     rumours of foul play in the matter, and it is said that the     police have caused the arrest of the woman who had caused     the original disturbance, in the belief that, from jealousy or     some other motive, she may have been concerned in the     strange disappearance of the bride."
"And is that all?"
"Only one little item in another of the morning papers, but it is a suggestive one."
"And it is --"   "That Miss Flora Millar, the lady who had caused the distur- bance, has actually been arrested.
It appears that she was for- merly a danseuse at the Allegro, and that she has known the bridegroom for some years.
There are no further particulars, and the whole case is in your hands now -- so far as it has been set forth in the public press."
"And an exceedingly interesting case it appears to be.
I would not have missed it for worlds.
But there is a ring at the bell, Watson, and as the clock makes it a few minutes after four, I have no doubt that this will prove to be our noble client.
Do not dream of going, Watson, for I very much prefer having a wit- ness, if only as a check to my own memory."
"Lord Robert St. Simon," announced our page-boy, throwing open the door.
A gentleman entered, with a pleasant, cultured face, high-nosed and pale, with something perhaps of petulance about the mouth, and with the steady, well-opened eye of a man whose pleasant lot it had ever been to command and to be obeyed.
His manner was brisk, and yet his general appearance gave an undue impression of age, for he had a slight forward stoop and a little bend of the knees as he walked.
