"I was amused by her society, and she could see that I was amused."
"Her father is very rich?"
"He is said to be the richest man on the Pacific slope."
"And how did he make his money?"
"In mining.
He had nothing a few years ago.
Then he struck gold, invested it, and came up by leaps and bounds."
"Now, what is your own impression as to the young lady's -- your wife's character?"
The nobleman swung his glasses a little faster and stared down into the fire.
"You see, Mr. Holmes," said he, "my wife was twenty before her father became a rich man.
During that time she ran free in a mining camp and wandered through woods or mountains, so that her education has come from Nature rather than from the schoolmaster.
She is what we call in England a tomboy, with a strong nature, wild and free, unfettered by any sort of traditions.
She is impetuous -- volcanic, I was about to say.
She is swift in making up her mind and fearless in cartying out her resolutions.
On the other hand, I would not have given her the name which I have the honour to bear" -- he gave a little stately cough -- "had not I thought her to be at bottom a noble woman.
I believe that she is capable of heroic self-sacrifice and that anything dishonourable would be repugnant to her."
"Have you her photograph?"
"I brought this with me."
He opened a locket and showed us the full face of a very lovely woman.
It was not a photograph but an ivory miniature, and the artist had brought out the full effect of the lustrous black hair, the large dark eyes, and the exquisite mouth.
Holmes gazed long and earnestly at it.
Then he closed the locket and handed it back to Lord St. Simon.
"The young lady came to London, then, and you renewed your acquaintance?"
"Yes, her father brought her over for this last London season.
I met her several times, became engaged to her, and have now married her."
"She brought.
I understand. a considerable dowry?"
"A fair dowry.
Not more than is usual in my family."
"And this, of course, remains to you, since the marriage is a fait accompli?"
"I really have made no inquiries on the subject."
"Very naturally not.
Did you see Miss Doran on the day before the wedding?"
"Yes."
"Was she in good spirits?"
"Never better.
She kept talking of what we should do in our future lives."
"Indeed!
That is vety interesting.
And on the morning of the wedding?"
