It is three now.
He will be here in an hour."
"Then I have just time, with your assistance, to get clear upon the subject.
Turn over those papers and arrange the extracts in their order of time, while I take a glance as to who our client is."
He picked a red-covered volume from a line of books of reference beside the mantelpiece.
"Here he is," said he, sitting down and flattening it out upon his knee.
"Lord Robert Walsingham de Vere St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral.
Hum!
Arms: Azure, three caltrops in chief over a fess sable.
Born in 1846.
He's forty-one years of age, which is mature for marriage.
Was Under-Secretary for the colonies in a late administration.
The Duke, his father, was at one time Secre- tary for Foreign Affairs.
They inherit Plantagenet blood by direct descent, and Tudor on the distaff side.
Ha!
Well, there is nothing very instructive in all this.
I think that I must turn to you Watson, for something more solid."
"I have very little difficulty in finding what I want," said I, "for the facts are quite recent, and the matter struck me as remarkable.
I feared to refer them to you, however, as I knew that you had an inquiry on hand and that you disliked the intrusion of other matters."
"Oh, you mean the little problem of the Grosvenor Square furniture van.
That is quite cleared up now -- though, indeed, it was obvious from the first.
Pray give me the results of your newspaper selections."
"Here is the first notice which I can find.
It is in the personal column of the Morning Post, and dates, as you see, some weeks back:         "A marriage has been arranged [it says] and will, if rumour      is correct, very shortly take place, between Lord Robert St.      Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral, and Miss Hatty      Doran, the only daughter of Aloysius Doran.
Esq., of San      Francisco, Cal., U.
S.
A.
That is all."
"Terse and to the point," remarked Holmes, stretching his long, thin legs towards the fire.
"There was a paragraph amplifying this in one of the society papers of the same week.
Ah, here it is:        "There will soon be a call for protection in the marriage     market, for the present free-trade principle appears to tell     heavily against our home product.
One by one the manage-     ment of the noble houses of Great Britain is passing into the     hands of our fair cousins from across the Atlantic.
An     important addition has been made during the last week to     the list of the prizes which have been borne away by these     charming invaders.
Lord St. Simon, who has shown himself     for over twenty years proof against the little god's arrows,     has now definitely announced his approaching marriage with     Miss Hatty Doran, the fascinating daughter of a California     millionaire.
Miss Doran, whose graceful figure and striking     face attracted much attention at the Westbury House festivi-     ties, is an only child, and it is currently reported that her     dowry will run to considerably over the six figures, with     expectancies for the future.
As it is an open secret that the     Duke of Balmoral has been compelled to sell his pictures within     the last few years, and as Lord St. Simon has no property of     his own save the small estate of Birchmoor, it is obvious     that the Californian heiress is not the only gainer by an     alliance which will enable her to make the easy and com-     mon transition from a Republican lady to a British peeress."
"Anything else?"
asked Holmes, yawning.
"Oh, yes; plenty.
Then there is another note in the Morning Post to say that the mariage would be an absolutely quiet one, that it would be at St. George's, Hanover Square, that only half a dozen intimate friends would be invited, and that the party would return to the furnished house at Lancaster Gate which has been taken by Mr. Aloysius Doran.
