There were a couple of brace of cold woodcock, a pheasant, a pate de foie gras pie with a group of ancient and cobwebby bottles.
Having laid out all these luxuries, my two visitors vanished away, like the genii of the Arabian Nights, with no explanation save that the things had been paid for and were ordered to this address.
Just before nine o'clock Sherlock Holmes stepped briskly into the room.
His features were gravely set, but there was a light in his eye which made me think that he had not been disappointed in his conclusions.
"They have laid the supper, then," he said, rubbing his hands.
"You seem to expect company.
They have laid for five."
"Yes, I fancy we may have some company dropping in," said he.
"I am surprised that Lord St. Simon has not already arrived.
Ha!
I fancy that I hear his step now upon the stairs."
It was indeed our visitor of the afternoon who came bustling in, dangling his glasses more vigorously than ever, and with a very perturbed expression upon his aristocratic features.
"My messenger reached you, then?"
asked Holmes.
"Yes, and I confess that the contents startled me beyond measure.
Have you good authority for what you say?"
"The best possible."
Lord St. Simon sank into a chair and passed his hand over his forehead.
"What will the Duke say," he murmured, "when he hears that one of the family has been subjected to such humiliation?"
"It is the purest accident.
I cannot allow that there is any humiliation.
"   "Ah, you look on these things from another standpoint."
"I fail to see that anyone is to blame.
I can hardly see how the lady could have acted otherwise, though her abrupt method of doing it was undoubtedly to be regretted.
Having no mother, she had no one to advise her at such a crisis."
"It was a slight, sir, a public slight," said Lord St. Simon, tapping his fingers upon the table.
"You must make allowance for this poor girl, placed in so unprecedented a position."
"I will make no allowance.
I am very angry indeed, and I have been shamefully used."
"I think that I heard a ring," said Holmes.
"Yes, there are steps on the landing.
If I cannot persuade you to take a lenient view of the matter, Lord St. Simon, I have brought an advocate here who may be more successful."
He opened the door and ushered in a lady and gentleman.
"Lord St. Simon," said he "allow me to introduce you to Mr. and Mrs. Francis Hay Moulton.
The lady, I think, you have already met."
At the sight of these newcomers our client had sprung from his seat and stood very erect, with his eyes cast down and his hand thrust into the breast of his frock-coat, a picture of offended dignity.
The lady had taken a quick step forward and had held out her hand to him, but he still refused to raise his eyes.
It was as well for his resolution, perhaps, for her pleading face was one which it was hard to resist.
"You're angry, Robert," said she.
"Well, I guess you have every cause to be."
