His hair, too, as he swept off his very curly-brimmed hat, was grizzled round the edges and thin upon the top.
As to his dress, it was careful to the verge of foppishness, with high collar, black frock-coat, white waistcoat, yellow gloves, patent-leather shoes, and light- coloured gaiters.
He advanced slowly into the room, turning his head from left to right, and swinging in his right hand the cord which held his golden eyeglasses.
"Goodday, Lord St. Simon," said Holmes, rising and bow- ing.
"Pray take the basket-chair.
This is my friend and col- league, Dr. Watson.
Draw up a little to the fire, and we will talk this matter over."
"A most painful matter to me, as you can most readily imagine, Mr. Holmes.
I have been cut to the quick.
I understand that you have already managed several delicate cases of this sort sir, though I presume that they were hardly from the same class of society."
"No, I am descending."
"I beg pardon."
"My last client of the sort was a king."
"Oh, really!
I had no idea.
And which king?"
"The King of Scandinavia."
"What!
Had he lost his wife?"
"You can understand," said Holmes suavely, "that I extend to the affairs of my other clients the same secrecy which I promise to you in yours."
"Of course!
Very right!
very right!
I'm sure I beg pardon.
As to my own case, I am ready to give you any information which may assist you in forming an opinion."
"Thank you.
I have already learned all that is in the public prints, nothing more.
I presume that I may take it as correct -- this article, for example, as to the disappearance of the bride."
Lord St. Simon glanced over it.
"Yes, it is correct, as far as it goes."
"But it needs a great deal of supplementing before anyone could offer an opinion.
I think that I may arrive at my facts most directly by questioning you."
"Pray do so."
"When did you first meet Miss Hatty Doran?"
"In San Francisco, a year ago."
"You were travelling in the States?"
"Yes."
"Did you become engaged then?"
"No."
"But you were on a friendly footing?"
