The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet    "Holmes," said I as I stood one morning in our bow-window looking down the street, "here is a madman coming along.
It seems rather sad that his relatives should allow him to come out alone."
My friend rose lazily from his armchair and stood with his hands in the pockets of his dressing-gown, looking over my shoulder.
It was a bright, crisp February morning, and the snow of the day before still lay deep upon the ground, shimmering brightly in the wintry sun.
Down the centre of Baker Street it had been ploughed into a brown crumbly band by the traffic, but at either side and on the heaped-up edges of the foot-paths it still lay as white as when it fell.
The gray pavement had been cleaned and scraped, but was still dangerously slippery, so that there were fewer passengers than usual.
Indeed, from the direction of the Metropolitan Station no one was coming save the single gentleman whose eccentric conduct had drawn my attention.
He was a man of about fifty, tall, portly, and imposing, with a massive, strongly marked face and a commanding figure.
He was dressed in a sombre yet rich style, in black frock-coat, shining hat, neat brown gaiters, and well-cut pearl-gray trousers.
Yet his actions were in absurd contrast to the dignity of his dress and features, for he was running hard, with occasional little springs, such as a weary man gives who is little accustomed to set any tax upon his legs.
As he ran he jerked his hands up and down, waggled his head, and writhed his face into the most extraordinary contortions.
"What on earth can be the matter with him?"
I asked.
"He is looking up at the numbers of the houses."
"I believe that he is coming here," said Holmes, rubbing his hands .
"Here?"
"Yes; I rather think he is coming to consult me professionally.
I think that I recognize the symptoms.
Ha!
did I not tell you?"
As he spoke, the man, puffing and blowing, rushed at our door and pulled at our bell until the whole house resounded with the clanging.
A few moments later he was in our room, still puffing, still gesticulating, but with so fixed a look of grief and despair in his eyes that our smiles were turned in an instant to horror and pity.
For a while he could not get his words out, but swayed his body and plucked at his hair like one who has been driven to the extreme limits of his reason.
Then, suddenly springing to his feet, he beat his head against the wall with such force that we both rushed upon him and tore him away to the centre of the room.
Sherlock Holmes pushed him down into the easy-chair and, sitting beside him, patted his hand and chatted with him in the easy, soothing tones which he knew so well how to employ.
"You have come to me to tell your story, have you not?"
said he.
"You are fatigued with your haste.
Pray wait until you have recovered yourself, and then I shall be most happy to look into any little problem which you may submit to me."
The man sat for a minute or more with a heaving chest, fighting against his emotion.
Then he passed his handkerchief over his brow, set his lips tight, and turned his face towards us.
"No doubt you think me mad?"
said he.
"I see that you have had some great trouble," responded Holmes.
"Cod knows I have! -- a trouble which is enough to unseat my reason, so sudden and so terrible is it.
Public disgrace I might have faced, although I am a man whose character has never yet borne a stain.
Private affliction also is the lot of every man; but the two coming together, and in so frightful a form, have been enough to shake my very soul.
Besides, it is not I alone.
The very noblest in the land may suffer unless some way be found out of this horrible affair."
"Pray compose yourself, sir," said Holmes, "and let me have a clear account of who you are and what it is that has befallen you."
