When he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club, and there, having charming manners, he was soon the intimate of a number of men with long purses and expensive habits.
He learned to play heav- ily at cards and to squander money on the turf, until he had again and again to come to me and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might settle his debts of honour.
He tried more than once to break away from the dangerous company which he was keeping, but each time the influence of his friend, Sir George Burnwell, was enough to draw him back again.
"And. indeed, I could not wonder that such a man as Sir George Bumwell should gain an influence over him, for he has frequently brought him to my house, and I have found myself that I could hardly resist the fascination of his manner.
He is older than Arthur, a man of the world to his finger-tips, one who had been everywhere. seen everything, a brilliant talker, and a man of great personal beauty.
Yet when I think of him in cold blood, far away from the glamour of his presence, I am con- vinced from his cynical speech and the look which I have caught in his eyes that he is one who should be deeply distrusted.
So I think, and so, too, thinks my little Mary, who has a woman's quick insight into character.
"And now there is only she to be described.
She is my niece; but when my brother died five years ago and left her alone in the world I adopted her, and have looked upon her ever since as my daughter.
She is a sunbeam in my house -- sweet, loving, beauti- ful, a wonderful manager and housekeeper, yet as tender and quiet and gentle as a woman could be.
She is my right hand.
I do not know what I could do without her.
In only one matter has she ever gone against my wishes.
Twice my boy has asked her to marry him, for he loves her devotedly, but each time she has refused him.
I think that if anyone could have drawn him into the right path it would have been she, and that his marriage might have changed his whole life; but now, alas!
it is too late -- forever too late!
"Now, Mr. Holmes, you know the people who live under my roof, and I shall continue with my miserable story.
"When we were taking coffee in the drawing-room that night after dinner, I told Arthur and Mary my experience, and of the precious treasure which we had under our roof, suppressing only the name of my client.
Lucy Parr, who had brought in the coffee, had, I am sure, left the room; but I cannot swear that the door was closed.
Mary and Arthur were much interested and wished to see the famous coronet, but I thought it better not to disturb it.
" 'Where have you put it?'
asked Arthur.
" 'In my own bureau.'
" 'Well, I hope to goodness the house won't be burgled during the night.' said he.
" 'It is locked up,' I answered.
" 'Oh, any old key will fit that bureau.
When I was a young- ster I have opened it myself with the key of the box-room cupboard.
'   "He often had a wild way of talking, so that I thought little of what he said.
He followed me to my room, however, that night with a very grave face.
" 'Look here, dad,' said he with his eyes cast down, 'can you let me have 200 pounds?'
" 'No, I cannot!'
I answered sharply.
'I have been far too generous with you in money matters.'
" 'You have been very kind,' said he, 'but I must have this money, or else I can never show my face inside the club again.'
" 'And a very good thing, too!'
I cried.
" 'Yes, but you would not have me leave it a dishonoured man,' said he.
'I could not bear the disgrace.
I must raise the money in some way, and if you will not let me have it, then I must try other means.'
"I was very angry, for this was the third demand during the month.
