"Oh, yes!
he is the green-grocer who brings our vegetables round.
His name is Francis Prosper."
"He stood," said Holmes, "to the left of the door -- that is to say, farther up the path than is necessary to reach the door?"
"Yes, he did."
"And he is a man with a wooden leg?"
Something like fear sprang up in the young lady's expressive black eyes.
"Why, you are like a magician," said she.
"How do you know that?"
She smiled, but there was no answering smile in Holmes's thin, eager face.
"I should be very glad now to go upstairs," said he.
"I shall probably wish to go over the outside of the house again.
Perhaps I had better take a look at the lower windows before I go up."
He walked swiftly round from one to the other, pausing only at the large one which looked from the hall onto the stable lane.
This he opened and made a very careful examination of the sill with his powerful magnifying lens.
"Now we shall go upstairs," said he at last.
The banker's dressing-room was a plainly furnished little cham- ber, with a gray carpet, a large bureau, and a long mirror.
Holmes went to the bureau first and looked hard at the lock.
"Which key was used to open it?"
he asked.
"That which my son himself indicated -- that of the cupboard of the lumber-room."
"Have you it here?"
"That is it on the dressing-table."
Sherlock Holmes took it up and opened the bureau.
"It is a noiseless lock," said he.
"It is no wonder that it did not wake you.
This case, I presume, contains the coronet.
We must have a look at it."
He opened the case, and taking out the diadem he laid it upon the table.
It was a magnificent specimen of the jeweller's art, and the thiny-six stones were the finest that I have ever seen.
At one side of the coronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holding three gems had been torn away.
"Now, Mr. Holder," said Holmes, "here is the corner which corresponds to that which has been so unfortunately lost.
Might I beg that you will break it off."
The banker recoiled in horror.
"I should not dream of trying," said he.
"Then I will."
Holmes suddenly bent his strength upon it, but without result.
"I feel it give a little," said he; "but, though I am exceptionally strong in the fingers, it would take me all my time to break it.
An ordinary man could not do it.
Now, what do you think would happen if I did break it, Mr. Holder?
