As to Holmes, I observed that he sat frequently for half an hour on end, with knitted brows and an abstracted air, but he swept the matter away with a wave of his hand when I mentioned it.
"Data!
data!
data!"
he cried impatiently.
"I can't make bricks without clay."
And yet he would always wind up by muttering that no sister of his should ever have accepted such a situation.
The telegram which we eventually received came late one night just as I was thinking of turning in and Holmes was settling down to one of those all-night chemical researches which he frequently indulged in, when I would leave him stooping over a retort and a test-tube at night and find him in the same position when I came down to breakfast in the morning.
He opened the yellow envelope, and then, glancing at the message, threw it across to me.
"Just look up the trains in Bradshaw," said he, and turned back to his chemical studies.
The summons was a brief and urgent one.
Please be at the Black Swan Hotel at Winchester at      midday to-morrow [it said].
Do come!
I am at my wit's end.
HUNTER .
"Will you come with me?"
asked Holmes, glancing up.
"I should wish to."
"Just look it up, then."
"There is a train at half-past nine," said I, glancing over my Bradshaw.
"It is due at Winchester at 11:30."
"That will do very nicely.
Then perhaps I had better postpone my analysis of the acetones, as we may need to be at our best in the morning."
By eleven o'clock the next day we were well upon our way to the old English capital.
Holmes had been buried in the morning papers all the way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them down and began to admire the scenery.
It was an ideal spring day, a light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting across from west to east.
The sun was shining very brightly, and yet there was an exhilarating nip in the air, which set an edge to a man's energy.
All over the countryside, away to the rolling hills around Aldershot, the little red and gray roofs of the farm-steadings peeped out from amid the light green of the new foliage.
"Are they not fresh and beautiful?"
I cried with all the enthusiasm of a man fresh from the fogs of Baker Street.
But Holmes shook his head gravely.
"Do you know, Watson," said he, "that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject.
You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty.
I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there."
"Good heavens!"
I cried.
"Who would associate crime with these dear old homesteads?"
"They always fill me with a certain horror.
It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside."
"You horrify me!"
