"You villain!"
said he, "where's your daughter?"
The fat man cast his eyes round, and then up at the open skylight.
"It is for me to ask you that," he shrieked, "you thieves!
Spies and thieves!
I have caught you, have l?
You are in my power.
I'll serve you!"
He turned and clattered down the stairs as hard as he could go.
"He's gone for the dog!"
cried Miss Hunter.
"I have my revolver," said I.
"Better close the front door," cried Holmes, and we all rushed down the stairs together.
We had hardly reached the hall when we heard the baying of a hound, and then a scream of agony, with a horrible worrying sound which it was dreadful to listen to.
An elderly man with a red face and shaking limbs came staggering out at a side door.
"My God!"
he cried.
"Someone has loosed the dog.
It's not been fed for two days.
Quick, quick, or it'll be too late!"
Holmes and I rushed out and round the angle of the house, with Toller hurrying behind us.
There was the huge famished brute, its black muzzle buried in Rucastle's throat, while he writhed and screamed upon the ground.
Running up, I blew its brains out, and it fell over with its keen white teeth still meeting in the great creases of his neck.
With much labour we separated them and carried him, living but horribly mangled, into the house.
We laid him upon the drawing-room sofa, and having dispatched the sobered Toller to bear the news to his wife, I did what I could to relieve his pain.
We were all assembled round him when the door opened, and a tall, gaunt woman entered the room.
"Mrs. Toller!"
cried Miss Hunter.
"Yes, miss.
Mr. Rucastle let me out when he came back before he went up to you.
Ah, miss, it is a pity you didn't let me know what you were planning, for I would have told you that your pains were wasted."
"Ha!"
said Holmes, looking keenly at her.
"It is clear that Mrs. Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else."
"Yes, sir, I do, and I am ready enough to tell what I know."
"Then, pray, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark."
"I will soon make it clear to you," said she; "and I'd have done so before now if I could ha' got out from the cellar.
If there's police-court business over this, you'll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice's friend too.
"She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time that her father married again.
She was slighted like and had no say in anything, but it never really became bad for her until after she met Mr. Fowler at a friend's house.
