"We must be circumspect, for we are dealing with a very cunning man.
We can do nothing until seven o'clock.
At that hour we shall be with you, and it will not be long before we solve the mystery."
We were as good as our word, for it was just seven when we reached the Copper Beeches, having put up our trap at a wayside public-house.
The group of trees, with their dark leaves shining like burnished metal in the light of the setting sun, were suffi- cient to mark the house even had Miss Hunter not been standing smiling on the door-step.
"Have you managed it?"
asked Holmes.
A loud thudding noise came from somewhere downstairs.
"That is Mrs. Toller in the cellar," said she.
"Her husband lies snoring on the kitchen rug.
Here are his keys, which are the duplicates of Mr. Rucastle's."
"You have done well indeed!"
cried Holmes with enthusi- asm.
"Now lead the way, and we shall soon see the end of this black business."
We passed up the stair, unlocked the door, followed on down a passage, and found ourselves in front of the barricade which Miss Hunter had described.
Holmes cut the cord and removed the transverse bar.
Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success.
No sound came from within, and at the silence Holmes's face clouded over.
"I trust that we are not too late," said he.
"I think, Miss Hunter, that we had better go in without you.
Now, Watson, put your shoulder to it, and we shall see whether we cannot make our way in."
It was an old rickety door and gave at once before our united strength.
Together we rushed into the room.
It was empty.
There was no furniture save a little pallet bed, a small table, and a basketful of linen.
The skylight above was open, and the pris- oner gone.
"There has been some villainy here," said Holmes; "this beauty has guessed Miss Hunter's intentions and has carried his victim off."
"But how?"
"Through the skylight.
We shall soon see how he managed it."
He swung himself up onto the roof.
"Ah, yes," he cried, "here's the end of a long light ladder against the eaves.
That is how he did it."
"But it is impossible," said Miss Hunter; "the ladder was not there when the Rucastles went away."
"He has come back and done it.
I tell you that he is a clever and dangerous man.
I should not be very much surprised if this were he whose step I hear now upon the stair.
I think, Watson, that it would be as well for you to have your pistol ready."
The words were hardly out of his mouth before a man ap- peared at the door of the room, a very fat and burly man, with a heavy stick in his hand.
Miss Hunter screamed and shrunk against the wall at the sight of him, but Sherlock Holmes sprang forward and confronted him.
